# Miracle Grue

## Overview 
This project is the basis for a new toolpathing engine to suppliment skeinforge in the MakerBot/3D printer community.  The engine is written in C++.

## Layout

This project is laid out in the following directory tree (roughly)

 * documentation/ Documentation
 * configs/ Eclipse project, personal stuff
 * src/  Source Code for the project MiracleGrue
	* json-cpp library to read/write JSON text files (configuration)
	* mgl/ the Miracle-Grue library
	* morphogen.cc the main file
	* unit_tests various test programs (using cppunit)
 * inputs/ Some stl input files for demo
 * test_cases/ unit test input and output files
 * site_scons build files for qt

### miracle.config
This is the default configuration file for Miracle-Grue. It contains information like the layer height, the number of shells, and the infill pattern. 
When miracle-grue executes, it looks for a 'miracle.config' in the current directory, unless -c is used to specify a different config file.

### SConstruct
This file contains instructions to build the project. It is the Makefile equivalent for the scons tool.

### Building.md
This file contains a guide to install the tools on various platforms and compile the code (using scons instead of makefiles).
Please read Building.md to get your hacking started.

## Running Miracle-Grue
There are are few programs generated by the build:

### bin/miracle-grue

This is the skein engine. It needs a config file (-c option) and a 3D model file

_Usage_: miracle-grue [OPTION] [FILE]

_Example_: bin/miracle-grue c=my_print.config inputs/3D_Knot.stl

Options:
* c=[configuration file name](default looks for miracle.config in the current directory)
* f=[first layer height]
* l=[layer height]
* w=[layer width]
* t=[space between infill 'tubes']
* s=[angle between slices for infill]

### tests/xxxUnitTest

The tests directory contains unit test programs. The generated output for these tests is sent to the test_case directory.
